README.md, before:

# (ARCHIVE) Python Projects
Sorted collection of Python projects from 2019-2020, exploring different libraries and areas, such as:
- Plain python projects
- Web-related projects and servers
   - Flask
   - Sockets
   - MySQL connector
- GUI libraries for building apps
    - Tkinter
    - Kivy 
- 2D Graphics generation
    - Turtle
    - Processing
- 3D Graphics generation
    - Ursina
    - Panda3D
- Web scraping projects
	- Selenium
	- Beautiful Soup
- Other
	- Discord bot
	- Voice Recognition

Due to the age of these projects, made in 2019 using Python 3.8 or so, some of these may not run or may require older versions of libraries.

## Contents:
| **Folder** | **Project** | **Date** | **Description** |
|--|--|--|--|
| Tkinter | 1 - Custom Filetype Converter | 05/12/2019 | An example test of a GUI for converting filetypes from text to a custom AMLT filetype |
| Tkinter | 2 - Keypresser | 08/12/2019 | Text field that overrides to show which key is pressed |
| Tkinter | 3 - Amelitext | 08/12/2019 | A custom notepad app, allowing the files to be saved or to be opened |
| Tkinter | 4 - Test Button to Console and Text Entry | 26/12/2019 | When button is pressed, a string of numbers is printed to the console. Also, there is an empty text field. |
| Tkinter | 5 - Test Button and Text Entry | 27/12/2019 | When button is pressed, the contents of text field is printed to console. |
| Tkinter | 6 - Text Input Example | 23/04/2020 | Adds the contents of the text field to a text area within the app. |
| Tkinter | Chatbot | 25/04/2020 | The 4th version of a simple chatbot app. User can enter a username, then it opens a chat interface in which certain keywords trigger the bot to respond. |

*Note: These files have been renamed for more easy navigation and understanding of what they do.*

## Screenshots:
optional, add later?
add requirements.txt

Commit message:

Update README.md to add Turtle Projects

README.md, after:

# (ARCHIVE) Python Projects
Sorted collection of Python projects from 2019-2020, exploring different libraries and areas, such as:
- Plain python projects
- Web-related projects and servers
   - Flask
   - Sockets
   - MySQL connector
- GUI libraries for building apps
    - Tkinter
    - Kivy 
- 2D Graphics generation
    - Turtle
    - Processing
- 3D Graphics generation
    - Ursina
    - Panda3D
- Web scraping projects
	- Selenium
	- Beautiful Soup
- Other
	- Discord bot
	- Voice Recognition

Due to the age of these projects, made in 2019 using Python 3.8 or so, some of these may not run or may require older versions of libraries.

## Contents:
| **Folder** | **Project** | **Date** | **Description** |
|--|--|--|--|
| Tkinter | 1 - Custom Filetype Converter | 05/12/2019 | An example test of a GUI for converting filetypes from text to a custom AMLT filetype |
| Tkinter | 2 - Keypresser | 08/12/2019 | Text field that overrides to show which key is pressed |
| Tkinter | 3 - Amelitext | 08/12/2019 | A custom notepad app, allowing the files to be saved or to be opened |
| Tkinter | 4 - Test Button to Console and Text Entry | 26/12/2019 | When button is pressed, a string of numbers is printed to the console. Also, there is an empty text field. |
| Tkinter | 5 - Test Button and Text Entry | 27/12/2019 | When button is pressed, the contents of text field is printed to console. |
| Tkinter | 6 - Text Input Example | 23/04/2020 | Adds the contents of the text field to a text area within the app. |
| Tkinter | Chatbot | 25/04/2020 | The 4th version of a simple chatbot app. User can enter a username, then it opens a chat interface in which certain keywords trigger the bot to respond. |
|--|--|--|--|
| Turtle | 1 - PONG | 29/11/2019 | A simple 2-player pong game created using the 'turtle' library. |
| Turtle | 2 - Multicolour Spiral 1 | 28/12/2019 | Draws a spiral using a list of rainbow colours. |
| Turtle | 3 - Spiral with user input | 28/12/2019 | Draws a spiral using values inputted by the user (note: size and speed values do not work) |
| Turtle | 4 - Multicolour Spiral 2 | 28/12/2019 | Draws a spiral using a list of rainbow colours. |
| Turtle | 5 - Lightening Random Colour Squares | 28/12/2019 | A grid of randomly coloured squares that each gradually turn to white. |
| Turtle | 6 - Multicolour Spiral 3 | 15/05/2020 | Draws a spiral using a list of 4 colours. This was a very basic turtle tutorial I gave my brother. |
| Turtle | 7 - Fullscreen B&W Spiral | 08/07/2020 | Draws a white spiral in a fullscreen window (note: must use ALT+F4 to close) |
| Turtle | 8 - Drawing Co-ordinates | 08/07/2020 | Draws a labelled line to specified co-ordinates within the canvas. |
| Turtle | 9 - Using Buttons to Control Turtle | 08/07/2020 | Allows the user to move the turtle pen using on-screen Tkinter buttons |
| Turtle | 10 - Turtle Combat Game | 08/07/2020 | 2D Game in which every few moves the user makes, an enemy spawns and can be killed by the user moving on top of it. However, doesn't work consistently, despite being edited in 2025 to make it more playable |
| Turtle | Turtle Grid Game | 08/07/2020 | A simple game where the player must collect a cherry fruit to gain points. Secret messages are hidden at certain milestones of points. |


*Note: These files have been renamed for more easy navigation and understanding of what they do.*

## Screenshots:
optional, add later?
add requirements.txt
